chore: Community Testing Documentation Improvements (#741)
cloudposse/docs: docs/community/contribute/component-testing.mdx

For most components, avoid any changes to these files
<Steps>
1. `atmos.yaml` - shared atmos config common for all test cases
2. `stacks/catalog/account-map.yaml` - Mock `account-map` configuration makes any environment/stack/tenant to be backed with the single AWS test account
3. `stacks/orgs/default/test/_defaults.yaml` - Configure terraform state backend to local directory and define shared variables for `default-test`
</Steps>

This files and directories contains custom configurations specific for a testing component:
<Steps>
1. `vendor.yaml` - Vendor configuration for all component dependencies
2. `stacks/catalog/` - Store all dependencies configuration files in the dir
3. `stacks/catalog/usecases` - Store configuration of the testing component's use cases
4. `stacks/catalog/usecases/basic.yaml` - Predefined file for basic configuration of the testing component's use case

> 5. `stacks/catalog/usecases/disabled.yaml` - Predefined file for `disabled` configuration usescase (when variable `enabled: false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `stacks/catalog/usecases/disabled.yaml` - Predefined file for the `disabled` configuration use case (when variable `enabled: false`)
```

|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|`go test -timeout 1h --only-deploy-dependencies --skip-destroy-dependencies`                                                 | Deploy dependencies only.                                     |
|`go test -timeout 1h --skip-deploy-dependencies --skip-destroy-dependencies --skip-destroy-component`                        | Deploy testing component. Use previously deployed dependencies. Do not destroy anything. Useful when you are working on deploying use case |
|`go test -timeout 1h --skip-deploy-dependencies --skip-destroy-dependencies --skip-deploy-component --skip-destroy-component`| Do not deploy or destroy anything. Useful when you are working on tests asserts                                                          |

> |`go test -timeout 1h --skip-deploy-dependencies --skip-deploy-component`                                                     | Destroy component and it's dependencies. Useful when your tests are done to clean up all resources                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`go test -timeout 1h --skip-deploy-dependencies --skip-deploy-component`                                                     | Destroy component and its dependencies. Useful when your tests are done to clean up all resources                                       |
```
